How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    I was able to quickly compare the same line numbers by focusing on how they were different, and spotted the typo.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    You can see the evolution of the file over time, and revert to any prior version if things become too broken.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros: you can group commits to reflect logical changes that make sense

    Cons: commits could be too infrequent or larger than necessary, not automated

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Google Docs doesn't use the concept of a repository, and saving groups of files
    together as a single entity.  It focuses only on individual files with no
    correlation between them.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Fill in your answer here

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Fill in your answer here

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
    git log lets you review the revision history of the project.
    git diff lets you see the actual changes that were made from one revision to the next

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
    Knowing that I can revert back to a known good version of my code, I feel more confident making
    changes that could potentially break something because I can always go back to that known good
    state.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
    I'd like to use Git to create Python, Java and PHP scripts and programs.
